Release 4.10.1 (#255)
blackbaud/skyux-datetime: CHANGELOG.md

# 4.10.1 (2021-03-15)

> - Fixed the timepicker component to initialize the control value during lifecycle hook. [#253](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-datetime/pull/253)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the timepicker component so that it initializes the control value during lifecycle hook. [#253](https://github.com/blackbaud/skyux-datetime/pull/253)
```
